chore: updated config docs to show alternate config using the CLI (#72)
heroku/heroku-mcp-server: README.md

implementation, the available functionality and tools may evolve. We welcome feedback and contributions to help shape
the future of this project.

> **Note:** The [Heroku Platform MCP Server](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/heroku-mcp-server) requires the
> Heroku CLI to be installed globally (v10.8.1+). Ensure you have the correct version by running `heroku --version`.

## Configure the Heroku Platform MCP Server

You can configure Claude Desktop, Zed, Cursor, Windsurf, and other clients to work with the Heroku Platform MCP Server.

### Configure the Heroku Platform MCP Server with `heroku mcp:start`

Use `heroku mcp:start` to launch the Heroku Platform MCP Server. We recommend this method as it leverages your existing
Heroku CLI authentication, so you don't need to set the
[`HEROKU_API_KEY`](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/heroku-mcp-server#authentication) environment variable. The
`heroku mcp:start` command is available in Heroku CLI version 10.8.1 and later.

> There are several benefits to configuring with `heroku mcp:start`:```

Reviewer: @justinwilaby Perhaps I'm not looking carefully enough, but it appears there's an unmatched "```" at the end of line 46.

Author: You're absolutely right. Nice catch!

> > **Note:** The Heroku Platform MCP Server requires the Heroku CLI to be installed globally (v10.8.1+). Ensure you have

Reviewer 2: I can't comment on line 18, but could we link "Heroku Platform MCP Server" to https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/heroku-mcp-server

Author: Done! Thank you.

> the correct version by running `heroku --version`.

## Configure the Heroku Platform MCP Server

> You can configure Claude Desktop, Zed, Cursor, Windsurf and others to work with the Heroku Platform MCP Server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can configure Claude Desktop, Zed, Cursor, Windsurf, and other AI coding tools to work with the Heroku Platform MCP Server.
```

Unsure if "AI coding tools" is the best wording. Could also be "AI platforms" or "AI code editors" or "AI IDEs", whichever is most accurate.

@dsouza-anush @hillarysanders what would be the most popular/common/up-to-date term to refer to this grouping?

> ### Primary Configuration: Using `heroku mcp:start` (Heroku CLI v10.8.1+)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Configure the Heroku Platform MCP Server with `heroku mcp:start` (Heroku CLI v10.8.1+)
```

> Use the `heroku mcp:start` command to launch the Heroku Platform MCP Server. This method leverages your existing Heroku

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use `heroku mcp:start` to launch the Heroku Platform MCP Server. This method leverages your existing Heroku
```

CLI authentication, so you do not need to set the `HEROKU_API_KEY` environment variable. The `heroku mcp:start` command
is available in Heroku CLI version 10.8.1 and later.

> **Benefits:**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are several benefits to configuring with `heroku mcp:start`:```

> - No need to manage or expose your Heroku API key.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- No need to manage or expose your Heroku API key
```

        "args": ["mcp:start"]
      }
    }
  }
}
```

#### Example configuration for [Cursor](https://www.cursor.com/):

```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "heroku": {
      "command": "heroku mcp:start"
    }
  }
}
```

#### Example configuration for [Windsurf](https://www.windsurf.com/):

```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "heroku": {
      "command": "heroku mcp:start"
    }
  }
}
```

#### Example configuration for [Cline](https://cline.bot):

```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "heroku": {
      "command": "heroku mcp:start"
    }
  }
}
```

#### Example configuration for [VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/):

```json
{
  "mcp": {
    "servers": {
      "heroku": {
        "type": "stdio",
        "command": "heroku",
        "args": ["mcp:start"]
      }
    }
  }
}
```

#### Example configuration for [Trae](https://trae.ai):

```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "heroku": {
      "command": "heroku mcp:start"
    }
  }
}
```

> **Note:** When you use `heroku mcp:start`, the server authenticates using your current Heroku CLI session. You do not
> need to set the `HEROKU_API_KEY` environment variable. If you prefer to use an API key, you can use the alternate
> configuration below.

> ### Alternate Configuration: Using `npx -y @heroku/mcp-server`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Configure the Heroku Platform MCP Server with `npx -y @heroku/mcp-server`
```
